Adds instructions on adding calendars (#33)
InnerSourceCommons/foundation-governance: how-to/access-isc-calendar.md

type: docs
prev: foundation-governance/how-to/
---
# Adding our public and private calendars to your google calendar

> If you would like to be able to view the events in the private and public InnerSource Commons calendars you should add them to your calendar. This can be done by going to loging into your @innersourcecommons.org accoung and going to https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ and clicking this button: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3bac171f-caba-4f59-90a0-be06fce5f1fd) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to be able to view the events in the private and public InnerSource Commons calendars you should add them to your calendar. This can be done by logging into your @innersourcecommons.org account and going to https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ and clicking this button: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3bac171f-caba-4f59-90a0-be06fce5f1fd) 
```

Next you need to chose the 'From URL' option and you can now paste the following urls to add the calendars. 

> URL for the public calendar: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/c_62694f414055ac569e5cb12dafbb0890ca22f3640b177a4b10b53171fbc9bdd4%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics 

Reviewer: Does this one require login to @innersourcecommons.org account?

Author: No, actually fair point, only the Private calendar does

Author: Added a line noting that
